# hello-world
Hello!

My name is Jordan Pittman and this is a portion of my story. Currently as of this moment I am an average computer science major trying to transfer into show business with an IT background. I know is a hard world to jump in, but I want to make the effort. I grew up as a kid inspired by dad's absorption into technology and computers, and the older I got the more assured I was going to be a Computer pro when as I was older. However, as time passed so did my many phase of interest. Through high school I was determined I was going to go to the military and become an IT specialist of some kind, but after four semesters of JROTC I grew tired of the constant menial task such as weekly uniform inspection, marching, and learning the various orders and military history that had accompanied it. That is nearly 3 years ago, now I'm in my final years of my degree and in the startings of my second one. I already changed my current major once and now in some ways I'm trying to do it again. Jobs get increasingly difficult as you get older I had to learn that the hard way too. My first job was starting in fast food, Little Caesars, like every other normal high school to get experience before finding my next. I ended up staying there longer than I expected, but it taught me a lot. How to interact with customers, how to speed up to complete my tasks, learning its not okay to be late sometimes, but I had already knew that part, yet it was a bittersweet way of getting a taste of the real world. I had worked at Little Caesars for over a year and half making money and enjoy the luxury while having it. When it was time to quit there was two things that brought it about, school and my coworkers. Some coworkers I didn't mind, but most seem like they were trying to find anyway to take advantage of me so that they could talk and sit around while I work and having my computer classes at the time I just felt overloaded. It felt like everyone was trying to use me and I couldn't handle it (there was belittlement as well, but not enough to make quit), looking back now I'm dealing with a whole lot worse now then I did then but whose to say future me won't say the same. My final days of working at Little Caesars was in Feburary 2017 and I was unemployeed for while until June 2018, when I started working at Roses Express where I'm working at now, but I don't know how long that will last, either they'll get rid of me because they don't like me or I get tired of this same treatment that I recieved at Little Caesars. But now of the tangent of the past now I want to learn all kinds of cool things of the entertainment and the technologies they use, to learn how to operate and run cameras for shows and broadcasting to audio and sound design it all is so intriguing, also with the little computer geek still left in me, it just seems like a wonderland to explore with all kinds of good and bad experience that I won't know about until I jump in. More I think about it the more I see what brought me into wanting to learn this world was a production company called Rooster Teeth. Sure over the years there was anime, cartoons, other forms of media that loved that interested me, but Rooster Teeth laid the ground work. I found out about the production company years before I started watching them, I had friends that was obssessed with their shows during the time and would only talk about them, but during my teenage years of 2013, I was the type to avoid whatever it is that you was talking about instead of checking it and since then I've tried to stop doing that, but old habits die hard. But it wasn't until the year 2016 when I saw RWBY, a Rooster Teeth show, on Netflix and decided to try it. At first I didn't have any strong feelings for the show, just something that I felt disinterested in, but as the episodes and seasons went by I was hooked and anxious to find out when was the next season going to come out, which season 4 at the time was right around the corner. As I waited and started to the fourth season I was impatient and Rooster Teeth posted their content on YouTube a week after their subscription service and the first couple of weeks I've dealt with, but after while I couldn't handle it any more. I went to my email account and found the 3-month free trial email that I had got from Gamestop and I decided to redeem it. During this time I was working at Little Caesars still, but I signed up for their subscription service and started watching the new episodes of RWBY. While I would wait for the next episode of the show I started to watch their other content to pass the time and that's how my love for Rooster Teeth grew from Podcast to Extra Life, that's where my career path had started.
